{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13460\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello \{firstname\},\
\
Congratulations! You have been offered callbacks for several a cappella groups at Wash U!\
\

\b Information: the callbacks\
\

\b0 Your callbacks are with:\
\
\{groups\}\
\
Be prepared for emails with further instructions from them sometime today.\
\
These 
\i callbacks 
\i0 are 
\b nonbinding 
\b0 in any way: if you would prefer not to attend any, contact that group. If you attend any, but decide you would rather not join that group if accepted, you 
\i do not have to
\i0 . That is what your preference card is for:\
\

\b Action: your preference card\
\

\b0 \{prefcard link\}\
\
This links to your 
\b preference card
\b0 . It is due on 
\b Thursday 
\b0 (September 8) at 
\b 4PM
\b0 .\
\
After you complete your callbacks (the groups will reach out to you in separate emails with details), it is up to you to fill out your preference card:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}For each group, consider whether or not you would join if they chose to offer you a membership. If you 
\i would
\i0  join a specific group, drag their name to the rightmost column ("Attached Groups") or click the plus button. If you 
\i would not
\i0  join that group, leave their name in the left column.\
{\listtext	2.	}This is a 
\b ranked 
\b0 list. The name 
\i highest
\i0  on this list gets 
\i first
\i0  chance to accept you, then the second-highest, and so forth. Order the groups so that the group you would prefer to join 
\i most
\i0  is on top. Remember that if 
\b any
\b0  group on the right list offers you a membership, you 
\b MUST
\b0  accept.\
{\listtext	3.	}Click 
\b Submit Preferences
\b0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This is a 
\b binding agreement
\b0  and is 
\b unchangeable
\b0  once submitted. If you choose to pref a group and they offer you a membership, you 
\b MUST
\b0  accept. If you are unsure, or would prefer not to join a specific group, do 
\b NOT
\b0  pref them.\
\
If you have any questions, check out the ACAC website (acac.wustl.edu) or email us (acacpresident@gmail.com).\
\
Congrats\'97and good luck!\
Ben Stolovitz\
ACAC Technical Chair\
}